Msi unified docs (#624)
Dasharo/docs: docs/unified/msi/hcl.md

    * Card has to be installed on main metal 16x slot, and there shouldn't be
      any other GPU except Intel integrated one if non-F CPU.
    * Confirmation than Dasharo splash screen and Firmware menus were working.
    * Actual GPU chip (PCI Vendor ID / Device ID).
    * Video Card model (Subsystem Vendor ID / Device ID).
    * Option ROM version.
    * Secure Boot status (Enabled/Disabled, in case than there are Option ROM
      signing issues. This also means than the VBIOS should NOT be modded, factory
      original versions only)

    GPU Hardware Compatibility List presents the GPUs tested and verified
    to work with Dasharo by community. The following list does not include GPU
    which is tested and verfied in 3mdeb laboratory - his information might be
    found in [MSI PRO Z690-A Hardware Matrix](../../variants/msi_z690/hardware-matrix.md)
    and [MSI PRO Z790-P Hardware Matrix](../../variants/msi_z790/hardware-matrix.md)
    documentation.

    Legend:

    * GPU name: the full name of GPU including vendor and model name.
    * Memory size: total amount of GPU memory declared by vendor.
    * Memory type: GPU's type of memory.

>     * Bandwidth: GPU's bandwidth.

Author: @mkopec sometimes bandwidth is expressed in PCIe link width and sometimes in GB/s, dunno if it is memory or PCIe bandwidth of all the links...

>     * Bandwidth: GPU's bandwidth.

Author: We will also need this fix: https://github.com/Dasharo/docs/pull/624/files#r1280687832

>     * Bandwidth: GPU's bandwidth.

Reviewer: Ah, just noticed the x16 and x4 below. Those are PCIe links indeed. But the values expressed in GB/s match these cards' memory bandwidth specs.

Doesn't really make sense to keep these in the same column.

>     * Bandwidth: GPU's bandwidth.

Reviewer: Thanks

    * PCI-E Architecture: declared by producer generation of PCI-E architecture.
    * Multi-Graphics Technology: information about support for Multi-Graphics
        Technology.

    Information about GPU might be read from GPU package or documentation.

    | GPU name         | Memory size | Memory type  | Bandwidth | PCI-E Gen | Multi-Graphics Technology | Results                |
    |:----------------:|:-----------:|:------------:|:---------:|:---------:|:-------------------------:|:----------------------:|
    | Nvidia GeForce GTX 1060   | 3072 MB  | GDDR5  | 192GB/s   | Gen3      | 1                         | [Qubes HCL reports][1] |
    | MSI Radeon RX 6950 XT     | 16 GB    | GDDR6  | 576GB/s   | Gen4      | 1                         | |
    | EVGA NVidia RTX 2080      | 8 GB     | GDDR6  | 448GB/s   | Gen3      | 1                         | |
    | PNY NVidia RTX A5000      | 24 GB    | GDDR6  | 768GB/s   | Gen4      | 1                         | |
    | Nvidia GeForce GTX 1080TI | 11264 MB | GDDR5X | x16       | Gen3      | 1                         | [Qubes HCL reports][2] |

>     | MSI Radeon RX 6500 XT MECH 2X 4G OC | 4 GB     | GDDR6  | x4 (x16 connector) | Gen4      | 1                         | Works only on Dasharo v1.1.0 or newer |
>     | MSI GeForce RTX 3060 GAMING Z TRIO LHR | 12 GB     | GDDR6  | x16   | Gen4      | 1                         | |

Author: ```suggestion
    | MSI Radeon RX 6500 XT MECH 2X 4G OC | 4 GB     | GDDR6  | 180GB/s   | Gen4      | 1                         | Works only on Dasharo v1.1.0 or newer |
    | MSI GeForce RTX 3060 GAMING Z TRIO LHR | 12 GB     | GDDR6  | 358GB/s   | Gen4      | 1                         | |
```
